Nondisclosure Agreement - (for External)

This Non-Disclosure Agreement (hereinafter referred to as the “NDA Agreement”) is entered into on
July 24, 2025 between LSMK Inc., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “LSMK”), a company with legal
rights in relation to Blue Mentor (hereinafter referred to as “BM”) developed and operated by LSMK
and a company existing under the laws of the Republic of Korea, and developers residing in Danang
City, Vietnam, Mr. Nguyễn Hoàng Phương, Mr. Nguyễn Triệu Vỹ, Mr. Phan Vĩnh Quý (hereinafter
referred to as “Vietnamese S/W Engineer or Developer and they called ‘Vietnam Team’”).
Each of them is referred to as a “Party” and together they are referred to as the “Parties”.
In the meantime, the parties hereto are each referred to as a "Party" and together as the "Parties", and
the parties hereto wish to state that this Agreement relates to the operation of the BM Platform
(hereinafter referred to as the "Purpose"), and furthermore each party hereto agrees to disclose certain
aspects of the Confidential Information (as defined below) to the other party only in accordance with
the purpose and terms of this Agreement (hereinafter referred to as the "Purpose").
In the meantime, each party intends to disclose to the other party only certain aspects of Confidential
Information (as defined below) that are relevant to and solely for the purpose of this Agreement,
subject to the terms of this Agreement.
In the meantime, for these premises and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is
hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows:
1. Confidential Information: “Confidential Information” includes all business, financial, contractual,
marketing and/or technical information disclosed, may be disclosed or accessed by a party and/or
its affiliates (“Discloser”) to the other party and/or its affiliates (“Recipient”) in any form, which
(a) if disclosed in writing is marked “confidential,” “proprietary” or other similar mark at the time
of disclosure, or (b) if provided orally or visually is identified as confidential at the time of
disclosure and confirmed in writing to the Recipient within 15 days of such disclosure. For the

avoidance of doubt, all coding samples, mockups, drawings, UIs, Source code including open-
source S/W or Products provided by LSMK shall be deemed Confidential Information of LSMK,

whether or not marked.
Recipient may disclose Discloser's Confidential Information to Recipient's affiliates, and Recipient
shall limit access to Discloser's Confidential Information to developers who have a legitimate need
to know in order to carry out the purpose and who are obligated to protect such Confidential
Information in accordance with the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement. Recipient
shall be liable for any failure to comply with any provision of this Agreement as if such failure
were an act or omission of Recipient.
For the purposes of this Agreement, “Affiliate” means any entity that directly or indirectly controls,
is controlled by, or is under common control with a Party to this Agreement as of the Effective

Confidential NDA Number: 25-0724

LSMK Vietnam team
Date, but only for the period during which such control exists. For the avoidance of doubt, the
cessation of such control shall not relieve Affiliate from its obligation to comply with the terms of
this Agreement, nor shall it relieve Recipient from its obligation to treat such Affiliate’s Confidential
Information in accordance with this Agreement.
2. Nondisclosure and Nonuse Obligations: Each Party, as the Recipient, agrees and covenants to
receive and hold the Confidential Information in confidence and to protect and safeguard the
Confidential Information from unauthorized use or disclosure with at least the same degree of care
that the Recipient exercises in its own Confidential Information, but not less than reasonable care,
of similar importance. In no event shall the foregoing limit the generality of the foregoing.
Accordingly, each Party, as the Recipient, covenants and agrees to the following:
(a) The Developer or its affiliates shall not disclose, make accessible, reveal, report, publish,
distribute or transfer any confidential information to any third party directly or indirectly in
any way, and shall not use the BM for any purpose. However, the BM in Vietnamese format
may be distributed after obtaining permission from LSMK and obtaining a usage agreement;
(b) You will not use any Confidential Information in any way except to achieve the purposes set
out in this Agreement;
(c) Restrict access to Confidential Information to those who have a legitimate need to know in
order to carry out the purpose for which it was made and to those who are obligated to protect
such Confidential Information under terms no less protective than those contained in this
Agreement; and
(d) Do not duplicate or copy confidential information except to the extent necessary to achieve
the purpose.

In addition, the existence of any business negotiations, discussions or agreements in progress
between the parties shall be kept confidential and shall not be disclosed without the written consent
of all parties. Each party shall be liable for any failure to comply with any provision of this
Agreement, as such failure shall be deemed to be an act or omission of the recipient.

3. Exclusion of Obligations: Confidential Information does not include, and the obligations under
Section 2 do not apply to, any information that the recipient can demonstrate: (a) is or later
becomes publicly available through no act or omission of the recipient; (b) was rightfully in the
recipient’s possession prior to disclosure to the recipient; (c) was received by the recipient in good
faith from a third party without any obligation of confidentiality; (d) is communicated by the

Confidential NDA Number: 25-0724

LSMK Vietnam team
disclosing party to an unaffiliated third party without restriction; or (e) is independently developed
without using the disclosing party’s Confidential Information.
Disclosure of Confidential Information of the other party by the recipient in response to a valid
order of a court or governmental agency or as otherwise required by law shall not be deemed a
breach of this Agreement or a waiver of confidentiality for any other purpose, provided that the
recipient promptly gives prior written notice to the disclosing party and allows the disclosing party
to take steps to maintain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information.
4. Ownership and Return of Confidential Information: Confidential Information disclosed by the
Discloser shall remain the property of the Discloser, and no license or other right to the Confidential
Information of the Discloser is granted or implied herein. The Recipient shall reproduce any
symbols, captions or other proprietary notices attached to the Confidential Information and shall
not remove, add or modify them or allow any third party to do so.

Upon termination of this Agreement or at the written request of the Discloser, the Recipient shall
promptly (but not later than ten (10) days after the Discloser notifies the Recipient thereof) return
or, at the Discloser’s option, destroy all copies of the Discloser’s Confidential Information and
certify in writing that it complies with these requirements; provided, however, that the Recipient
may retain copies of such Confidential Information solely for archival or maintenance purposes.

5. Reverse Engineering: No party that is a recipient shall use or attempt to use the source code,
underlying ideas, techniques or algorithms of the Confidential Information for its own benefit or
profit, except in cases where the Discloser specifically authorizes in writing in advance for the
further development of BM, and reverse engineering by using it for personal benefit or leaking it
to an outside company is prohibited.

This Agreement shall not preclude or restrict the independent development by or on behalf of any
Party of any product or system that is competitive with or incorporates technology or information
of a similar nature to that disclosed herein or is conceived by such information, provided that such
development is carried out without using or relying on any Confidential Information of any other
Party..

6. No Warranty: Confidential Information is provided "as is" and "as available" without any
warranties of any kind, express, implied or otherwise, with respect to such Confidential
Information. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as a promise by either party to disclose

Confidential NDA Number: 25-0724

LSMK Vietnam team
Confidential Information, enter into or continue negotiations, or enter into any contract or business
relationship. Neither this Agreement nor the disclosure or receipt of Confidential Information
constitutes or implies any promise or intention by either party or its personnel to develop,
manufacture, purchase or sell any current or future products or services. Any promise to do or
promise to do any of the foregoing must be in a separate writing signed by an authorized
representative of each party and delivered to LSMK. If such agreement contains a warranty
provision, such provision shall take precedence over the corresponding provision of this Agreement.
Recipient shall bear its own fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Agreement in
performing this Agreement.

7. Subcontractors: If Recipient determines that a third party (“Subcontractor”) is required to fulfill
the requirements of this Agreement for the Purposes and such Subcontractor may require access to
Discloser’s Confidential Information:
(a) Recipient shall obtain prior written permission to disclose such Confidential Information to any
Subcontractor; and
(b) Recipient shall enter into a confidentiality agreement with such Subcontractor that is at least as
restrictive as the confidentiality requirements of this Agreement and shall provide Discloser with
written confirmation of the existence of such agreement; and
(c) Recipient shall be solely responsible for any and all legal liability that may arise as a result of such
Subcontractor’s actions and shall indemnify Discloser for any loss, damage, claim or expense
(including reasonable attorneys’ and witness fees) that may arise or be incurred as a result of
Discloser’s disclosure of such Confidential Information.

8. Term and Termination: The Agreement shall remain in effect for ten (10) years from the Effective
Date. Termination upon completion of this Project shall not relieve Recipient of its obligations to
maintain confidentiality and use Confidential Information disclosed prior to the termination date.
Except for the right to use Confidential Information for purposes for which termination is granted,
Recipient’s obligations to protect Discloser’s Confidential Information shall expire two (2) years
after the date this Agreement is terminated or expires in accordance with this provision. Articles 4
(Ownership and Return of Confidential Information), 5 (Prohibition of Reverse Engineering), 7(c)
(Subcontractors), 8 (Term and Termination), 10 (Export), 11 (Remedies), and 15 (Law and
Jurisdiction) shall survive the termination of this Agreement.
9. Contact: All notices, documents and communications shall be written in English and shall be based
on the English language. They shall be sent directly to the relevant address specified below or by
email and SNS and shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date of receipt.

Confidential NDA Number: 25-0724

LSMK Vietnam team
10.S/W Export and Import: Each Party shall comply with all applicable export and import laws,
regulations and rules, including international export and import laws of Korea and Vietnam, and
in particular shall not export or import or re-export Confidential Information without obtaining
all necessary licenses, approvals or waivers from LSMK of Korea.

11. Remedies.: Each party acknowledges that if it discloses, uses or misappropriates the other party's
Confidential Information in breach of this Agreement, such party may suffer irreparable harm and
may not have adequate remedies at law. Accordingly, each party agrees that such other party shall
have the right to seek injunctive relief and specific performance in any court of competent
jurisdiction without prejudice to any other remedies available to it at law or in equity.
Representative of the Vietnamese side
Mr. Nguyễn Hoàng Phương:

LSMK Inc,Ltd in Korea
Business registration number: 496-88-02094

Phone number: +84 905 160 793
Email: hoangphuong167vn@gmail.com
Citizen ID: 049093011909

Name: Daniel Song, Ph.D. (宋东晶)
Title :CEO & Founder
E-mail: wwwwsong@naver.com

Address: 46 Ton Duc Thang, Binh An, Tien
Phuoc, Da Nang City, Vietnam
Signature:

Mr. Nguyễn Triệu Vỹ:
Phone number: +84 769 222 297
Email: nguyentrieuvy97@gmail.com
Citizen ID: 049097011252
Address: Hamlet 3, Lanh Ngoc Commune,
Da Nang City, Vietnam
Signature:
Mr. Phan Vĩnh Quý:
Phone number: +84 367 324 657
Email: quy.120993@gmail.com
Citizen ID: 049093021780
Address: 28 Tran Thu Do, Ban Thach, Da
Nang City, Vietnam
Signature:

Address: SK V1 Gl, Metrocity A-907, 128,
Beobwon-ro, Songpa-gu, Seoul, Korea
Signature :

Confidential NDA Number: 25-0724

LSMK Vietnam team
12. Assignment: Neither party shall be entitled to assign, transfer or otherwise transfer this Agreement
or any or all of its rights or obligations hereunder, by operation of law or otherwise, without the
prior written consent of all parties, and any attempt to do so without such consent shall be null
and void.

13. No Waiver: No claim, right, or remedy of a party under this Agreement shall be deemed waived,
in whole or in part, unless such waiver is in writing and signed. No indulgence, forbearance, delay,
or indulgence by a party in enforcing any provision of this Agreement shall prejudice, affect, or
limit that party's rights under this Agreement, and no waiver by a party of any breach of this
Agreement shall operate as a waiver of any subsequent or continuing breach.

14. Severability: If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (i)
such provision will be deemed modified to achieve, as nearly as possible, the same economic effect
as the original provision, and (ii) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions
of this Agreement will not be affected or impaired thereby.

15. Law and Jurisdiction.: Unlike any other agreement, this NDA Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Korea (excluding any conflict of law
provisions that may direct the application of the laws of another jurisdiction). Except for the
remedies set forth in Article 11 (Remedies), any dispute, controversy, or claim (including its
existence, validity, or termination) arising between the parties hereto arising out of or in connection
with this Agreement shall be finally resolved by arbitration held in Seoul, Korea and conducted in
English under the Arbitration Rules of the Korean Chamber of Commerce and Industry; provided,
however, that either party may enforce its or its affiliates’ intellectual property rights in any court
of competent jurisdiction, including but not limited to equitable relief. The arbitration award shall
be final and binding on the parties. Except to the extent disclosure is necessary for the entry and
subsequent enforcement of the award, all matters relating to the arbitration, including the award,
shall be kept confidential.

16. Complete Agreement: This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with respect
to all the subject matter hereof and may not be amended or modified except in writing signed by
each party to this Agreement. The English text of this Agreement shall prevail over any translation.
If the parties enter into an agreement for the purpose, this Agreement shall be deemed incorporated
into such agreement, in addition to any confidentiality obligations (if any) set forth in such

Confidential NDA Number: 25-0724

LSMK Vietnam team
agreement, and the term of this Agreement shall be deemed to be extended (but not shortened) by
the same period as the term of the Agreement.

17. Electronic Signature: The parties may execute this Agreement in duplicate and in counterparts, each
of which shall be deemed an original, but all together shall constitute one and the same Agreement.
This Agreement may be transmitted by electronic communication in pdf format, and a pdf copy
of the executed signature pages shall be as binding as the original.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, being duly authorized to do so, have executed this
Agreement as of the date first above written, and to be legally bound.
For and on behalf of For and on behalf of
Viet Nam Development Team LSMK Inc,Ltd in Korea
By: By: Daniel Song, Ph.D. (宋东晶)
Name 1: Nguyễn Hoàng Phương
S.S.Number; 049093011909
Signature;__________________________
Name 2: Nguyễn Triệu Vỹ
S.S.Number; 049097011252
Signature;__________________________
Name 3: Phan Vĩnh Quý
S.S.Number; 049093021780
Signature;__________________________

Signature;

Title :CEO & Founder
Business registration number :496-88-02094

Confidential NDA Number: 25-0724

LSMK Vietnam team

Appendix A

BM S/W information:

1. Activities under this Agreement include information that LSMK provides to the Vietnam S/W
Development Team so that they can develop the information that can be manufactured locally
in Vietnam and port it to where LSMK wants.
2. LSMK may include confidential information including but not limited to information on the
technology and components of BM that LSMK developed in accordance with the contracted
NDA and key information.
3. Based on the "Party Agreement and NDA Terms", LSMK will attach the following materials to
the Vietnam S/W Development Team and provide other materials via email or SNS upon
request.
4. Attached materials.
1. 25-07-21_Seoul type- Table comparison analysis_Edit_1.docx
2. Example of the final result _1.4V_LSMK Building + Mechanical Equipment +
Performance Inspection + Report-Kr.xlsx
3. 250724_LSMK SW Developer Accounts.xlsx

Confidential NDA Number: 25-0724

LSMK Vietnam team

Milestone

Proposed Timeline
Start Date: Jul 28 (expectation)
- First Week: Study the business, source code, prepare the testing device, and set up the development
environment.

Period Contents Note
July 28, 2025 Start & Study the business, source code, prepare the testing device,

and set up the development environment.

Aug 4th, 2025 ~
Aug 31st, 2025

Start cording and complete all the tasks which is described in the file
of “25-07-21_Seoul type- Table comparison analysis_Edit_1.pdf”

Sep. 1st, 2025 ~
Sep. 5th, 2025

Internal Test for debugging

Sep 6th, 2025 Publish and All materials developed are transmitted and delivered to

LSMK in the form of electronic documents.

Publish &
delivery

Sep. 6th ,2025~
Nov 30th ,2025

This is a maintenance period of 3 months for debugging in case a user
discovers a program bug.

Done

Confidential NDA Number: 25-0724

LSMK Vietnam team

Development Cost

Fees & Payment
Total payment is divided into two parts:
● Fixed cost: 3,300 USD
● Bonus: decided by LSMK
Payment methods: bank transfer cash
Payment schedule: after final delivery and acceptance.

Confidential NDA Number: 25-0724

LSMK Vietnam team

Appendix B

Limited Guarantee:

The Vietnam team will sign a limited warranty to guarantee that the development will not affect the
operation of the existing BM, and that the Vietnam team will guarantee the contents developed by
the Vietnam team.
- The three members of the Vietnam team will write and sign the warranty contents in their own
handwriting. –