Seoul-type BM Correction Development with original BM platform

and Term Sheet Contract
LSMK Inc., Ltd., in Korea
Between

Vietnam Development Team or called Vietnam Team

July 24, 2025

Companies LSMK Inc., Ltd., in Korea (“LSMK”),
Business License Number:496-88-02094
Mr. Nguyễn Hoàng Phương, Mr. Nguyễn Triệu Vỹ and Mr. Phan Vĩnh Quý in
Danang, Vietnam. (Refers to one team consisting entirely of individuals, called the
"Vietnam Development Team")
Collectively referred to as the “Parties” and individually referred to as a “Party.”

【Prolegomena】
Develop the App, Web, and Backend for the “Blue Mentor” app. Reference file which is mentioned in NDA
Agreement and detailed execution schedule (Term Sheet) are included in this Agreement, which is a final
document for a comprehensive agreement between the parties.
The Vietnam Development Team located in Da Nang, Republic of Vietnam (hereinafter referred to as
“Vietnam”) (hereinafter referred to as the “Parties” and each referred to as a “Party or Both Parties”) will
strategically develop a Seoul-type BM with LSMK located in Seoul, Republic of Korea (hereinafter referred
to as “Korea”) (hereinafter referred to as the “Parties” and each referred to as a “Party or Both Parties”), and
LSMK will pay financial compensation to the Vietnam Development Team.
The purpose of this agreement is to further strengthen the strategic relationship between the two parties. To
this end, the Vietnam development team will complete the development of the BM commissioned by LSMK.
As soon as the relationship between the two parties comes into effect, the Vietnam Development Team will
be regarded as a valuable business partner of LSMK. LSMK will treat the Vietnam Development Team as a
partner company and provide continuous cooperation and support.
In accordance with the above preamble, the parties continue to endeavor to pursue a strategic relationship on
the terms and conditions set forth below.
Therefore, in consideration of the above preamble and the mutual representations, warranties, covenants and
agreements contained herein, this document is legally binding, and the parties hereby contract as set forth in
the following text.
【 Understanding the words used 】:
◄ APP: Abbreviation for S/W application used on mobile devices. S/W APP created for direct use
by specialized technicians for mechanical equipment performance inspection on mobile devices
with Wi-Fi and other network functions.
◄ Web: An abbreviation for S/W Application of a network-enabled website used on a PC. It is a S/W
web created by administrators for use on company PCs connected to the Internet.

LSMK Doc_Contract form /LSMKDC_250724-1

2

Vietnam Team LSMK
LEGAL Doc. 20250724.1
◄ IP: Patents that conform to the contents of this Agreement,
◄ BM(Blue Mentor platform): Platform owned by LSMK in Korea.
◄ NDA (Non-disclosure Agreement): please refer to EXHIBIT 1. Which is The NDA including
Appendix A, Milestone, Development Cost and Appendix.
【 Body of the document 】
Purpose The Vietnam Development Team aims to complete the revision, correction and
partial development of the BM commissioned by LSMK and deliver it according to
the Milestone schedule set by LSMK:
The parties shall complete the transaction as specified in Exhibit A.

Execution and
scheduling
planning

The following step-by-step approach applies:
1. Pre-launch phase
2. Development phase
3. Publish and delivery phase
The parties will complete the plan according to the milestones set out in the NDA.

Owners and
Operators of BM

Ownership and operation are LSMK. However, when the Vietnamese development
team tests forwarding on the existing BM and the BM and Seoul-type BM can be
operated smoothly, LSMK will take over the subject. See NDA.

Exclusive
Technology
License
(Vietnam)

If a Vietnamese team wants to obtain the right to use BM or Seoul-type BM, they
must obtain permission and approval from LSMK as stated in the NDA.

Technology
License (Outside
Vietnam)

For distribution outside of Vietnam, the license, distribution and royalty agreement

between LSMK and the Vietnam development team will be agreed upon on a case-
by-case basis. However, according to the agreement and NDA signed on July 24,

2025, the distribution of BM may be given top priority to the Vietnam development
team.
Payment &
Remittance
information

As stated in the NDA.
Recipient's bank account information id following;
Recipient's Name: Nguyen Hoang Phuong
Recipient's Bank Account Number: 01462574702
Recipient's Bank Name: Tien Phong Commercial Joint Stock Bank (TP Bank)
Bank Address: TPBank Da Nang Branch
Ground Floor, Inter‐Provincial & International Post Office Building (formerly No.
271) 155 Nguyen Van Linh Street, Vinh Trung Ward, Thanh Khe District, Da Nang
City, Vietnam
Bank Swift Code: TPBVVNVX
I/D NO. : 049093011909

Termination
clause The Vietnam Development Team is the developer of the program commissioned by
LSMK, and all rights are completely terminated 10 years after the contract date.
Governing Law The validity period and legal binding of this Agreement shall be effective from July
24, 2025. If the data from LSMK is transferred to the Vietnam team at the same time
as the NDA contract and one party fails to perform the contract, the other party must

LSMK Doc_Contract form /LSMKDC_250724-1

3

Vietnam Team LSMK
LEGAL Doc. 20250724.1

reach an agreement by obtaining the other party's consent through consultation at
least one week in advance. If both parties fail to perform their promises as agreed,
the legal binding shall be applied immediately.
These Terms and Conditions are written in accordance with the Commercial Act of
the Republic of Korea in accordance with international law and do not violate the
Commercial Act of Vietnam. It is interpreted that there is no principle of conflict of
laws.
Nevertheless, if a legal dispute arises, the dispute shall be filed with the International
Commercial Dispute Resolution Court of the Republic of Korea and shall be
terminated according to the decision of the Commercial Dispute Resolution Court.
The remaining pages are intentionally left blank.

Each party hereto acknowledges that this Agreement is a legally binding and enforceable obligation and
that this Agreement shall be effective as of the date set forth in the first paragraph above.